10-tage-b.md, before:

# 2016-08-27, 22:13; London; overcast, 19°C; stationary

I got my first diary before I could even read. My father gave it to me on my sixth birthday and I still remember the look on his face when he told me with this no-nonsense, don't-you-dare-interrupt-me voice that he always used when he spoke about something that was absolutely unrelentingly serious to him (and I'm praraphrasing here, he spoke Hebrew of course and I wouldn't trust these now 17 year old memories too much)

> This empty book is powerful beyond your imagination. Use it wisely and it will not only record your story, it will also shape it in many ways.

At the time, this had seemed very odd to me. I struggeled to understand why grown-ups placed such importance on these things that had no pictures but strange scribbelings in them, and one that was completely blank just made no sense to me. Maybe it was the tone of my father's voice, but something convinced me not to whine about the seemingly lousy birthday present but rather to keep it, somehow excited to find out what this would be all about.

And find out I did, soon after. I learned to read and write and took to it naturally. After all, I had the encouragement of my father, himself an accomplished newspaper journalist, something that had always been very important to me. I didn't start to write in that original diary until later, out of fear of sullying the pages with the crude and unpracticed letters of my untrained hands. Come to think of it, even though I've pretty much mastered and evidently also abandoned that skill by now, I still struggle to write in that book for fear of ruining it with clumsy and unimportant words instead. Maybe father's words were a bit to effective in that regard: They created an aura of importance about that book, so now I reserve it for only the most important of matters, and have resorted to first filling up boxes with notebooks and then the harddrives of my electronic devices for the trivialities of life. Naturally the original isn't even half-full yet. And the things in it are mostly sad of nature, so probably that's a good thing.

It was not by chance that my father had phrased what he said back then as vaguely as he did. It was a smart ploy of his to entice me to look for said power in the empty pages. He probably hadn't known himself what I'd come up with, but I think him being a journalist he had wanted to nudge me in the direction of improving the world by means of exchanging information. I suppose he succeeded in that regard, in some way, because now I study (or at least used to study) telecommunications engineering here in the UK. But I have also found another power in writing, especially in a diary: To me, it is healing. It is my own, self-administered psychotherapy. A place to go to when I need to collect myself, where I can be myself, unapollogetically and brutally honest. The diary doesn't judge -- which is not to say that the words don't -- but it is always my own idiosyncrasies reflected on the pages; not unlike I need a mirror to look onto my face, I need the diary to look into my mind. It has, for the better part of my life, been most useful in maintaining my mental health and emotional wellbeing.

Which is why I turn to it now in this time of struggle and hardship. I have been expelled from my home, have lost contact to my family, a friend was beaten to death in front of my eyes and the world seems to have turned upside down. In front of me lies a many-houndred-kilometers journey off an locked-down island to a foreign country in search of a stranger who's gonna help me report the crime of the century. Whew.

Commit message:

Make Alea walk out of London

10-tage-b.md, after:

# 2016-08-27, 22:13; London; overcast, 19°C; stationary

I got my first diary before I could even read. My father gave it to me on my sixth birthday and I still remember the look on his face when he told me with this no-nonsense, don't-you-dare-interrupt-me voice that he always used when he spoke about something that was absolutely unrelentingly serious to him (and I'm praraphrasing here, he spoke Hebrew of course and I wouldn't trust these now 17 year old memories too much)

> This empty book is powerful beyond your imagination. Use it wisely and it will not only record your story, it will also shape it in many ways.

At the time, this had seemed very odd to me. I struggeled to understand why grown-ups placed such importance on these things that had no pictures but strange scribbelings in them, and one that was completely blank just made no sense to me. Maybe it was the tone of my father's voice, but something convinced me not to whine about the seemingly lousy birthday present but rather to keep it, somehow excited to find out what this would be all about.

And find out I did, soon after. I learned to read and write and took to it naturally. After all, I had the encouragement of my father, himself an accomplished newspaper journalist, something that had always been very important to me. I didn't start to write in that original diary until later, out of fear of sullying the pages with the crude and unpracticed letters of my untrained hands. Come to think of it, even though I've pretty much mastered and evidently also abandoned that skill by now, I still struggle to write in that book for fear of ruining it with clumsy and unimportant words instead. Maybe father's words were a bit to effective in that regard: They created an aura of importance about that book, so now I reserve it for only the most important of matters, and have resorted to first filling up boxes with notebooks and then the harddrives of my electronic devices slash Google's servers for the trivialities of life. Naturally the original isn't even half-full yet. And the things in it are mostly sad of nature, so probably that's a good thing.

It was not by chance that my father had phrased what he said back then as vaguely as he did. It was a smart ploy of his to entice me to look for said power in the empty pages. He probably hadn't known himself what I'd come up with, but I think him being a journalist he had wanted to nudge me in the direction of improving the world by means of exchanging information. I suppose he succeeded in that regard, in some way, because now I study (or at least used to study) telecommunications engineering here in the UK. But I have also found another power in writing, especially in a diary: To me, it is healing. It is my own, self-administered psychotherapy. A place to go to when I need to collect myself, where I can be myself, unapollogetically and brutally honest. The diary doesn't judge -- which is not to say that the words don't -- but it is always my own idiosyncrasies reflected on the pages; not unlike I need a mirror to look onto my face, I need the diary to look into my mind. It has, for the better part of my life, been most useful in maintaining my mental health and emotional wellbeing.

Which is why I turn to it now in this time of struggle and hardship. I have been expelled from my home, have lost contact to my family, a friend was beaten to death in front of my eyes and the world seems to have turned upside down. In front of me lies a many-houndred-kilometers journey off an locked-down island to a foreign country in search of a stranger who's gonna help me report the crime of the century. Whew.


# 2016-08-28, 5:33; London; partially cloudy, 15°C; walking

This was my fourth night away from home. I must keep moving, otherwise they'll find me. I'm still not sure why those brutes let me go so easilly, but the damage they did to my apartment speaks for itself. I have to assume that I was lucky that they were occupied with Illias and now they're trying to correct that misktake. That sounds horrible.

Whoever they are, I find it hard to make sense of them. They didn't seem very sophisticated to me, more like common thugs, but they were able to find out where I live in a very short time and they tricked Illias into that unfortunate meetup, so I'm not quite sure what to expect of them.

The city is a mess. It is amazing to me how fast it transformed from this bustling, city-of-the-world metropolis to what can only be described as a war zone. As far as I can tell, public transportation has broken down completely, and there are parts of the city that are blocked by the police or the military or whoever they are, so what would have been a half-hour trip with the tube across the city is now a multi-day endeavour for me.

I keep having to make detours around areas where there are obviously riots going on. At one point yesterday, I was walking down a completely abandoned street. The scenery was like from a postapocalyptic movie: The streets were lined with burnt-out and broken-into cars, windows were smashed, the streets were full of trash, some of it telling a disturbing story like the trampled flag, some of it obviously discarded improvised weapons, like broken bottles and -- I couldn't believe it -- an actual baseball bat with a nail driven through it. There were people watching me from underneath partially closed shutters on windows on the upper floors of the buildings. Their eyes were downright hostile, promising retalliation should I bring any trouble. What happened there? What have these people seen? What are all these conflicts erupting in the city?

I am a twenty first century digital girl. I know the band that wrote the song didn't exactly mean it as a compliment, but I always took it as my pride to be part of this generation and make something off it, to face the enormous challenges that are (or were) looming above us. Millenials they call us. Digital natives. Nobody seems to be able to decide whether that's a good or a bad thing. Maybe we don't know yet. Maybe it's silly to simplify it to a matter of good or bad. Anyway, now it's a bad thing for me. Most of the comforts of modern technology are now lost to me. I still have this phone and I am able to charge it, but I have no mobile reception. I can't call anybody, I can't Text, I can't access the Internet. I can't even check the news about what's going on in the world. I feel blind and utterly alone.

Illias' phone died pretty much immediately after I Texted with David and he told me to come to Berlin, and my solar charger doesn't fit his phone, so at the moment, that phone is useless to me as well, except for the fact that it contains a video of the new Premier James Cooper shooting the queen. Anyway, that phone won't have any reception as well. So now the only thing that technology has to offer to me is writing this diary. Just as well, I've always somehow missed the days when I was writing on a medium that didn't randomly distract me every ten minutes with useless notifications.

I am still heading out of the city, roughly following the path of the River Thames in easterly direction, to the coast. I am hoping to hitch a ride to the continent on a ship, somehow. I pretty sure the airport is closed, and I wouldn't want to use a plane after that machine from France just disappeared a few days earlier anyway. I'm pretty sure the English Channel and the ferries from Dover will be out of order as well.
